I know you believe me.
Poster are you sure
Sure, very sure.
Hold 200,000
This should be the limit you can get
I have nothing but more money
300,000 350,000
500,000 600,000
Mr. 700,000
President Wang said that you like this painting
You can take a picture around and give it to you.
You thank President Huang for me
No need for this painting
He is not worth the price.
Thanks.
700,000 anyone else?
700,000 time
700,000 twice
700,000 three times
Congratulations to this gentleman for getting this
Ants are ants
The rich world will never understand
Second opening
Official Review of the Song Dynasty
The starting price is 10,000 yuan
Price increase 258
During these days of exhibition
The organizers have marked this basis.
Because of flaws
So you have to be careful while filming
Because it's just a spliced piece of junk.
Who pays for this stuff?
I'll take it.